.\"
.\" btier_setup.1 - the *roff document processor source for the btier_setup manual
.\" You may contact the author by:
.\" e-mail: mruijter@gmail.com
.\"
.TH btier_setup 1 .\" "BTIER reference" v0.1.0 "2012"
.SH NAME
btier_setup - The setup utility for BTIER
.nf
BTIER       - A blockdevice that provides automated tiered storage
.SH SYNTAX
.nf
\fBAttach\fR : ./btier_setup -f datadev[:datadev:datadev] -s(sync / writethrough) 
		-c(create) -h(help) -B(write direct) 
		-V(write using vfs)
\fBDetach :\fR ./btier_setup -d /dev/tier_device_name
.fi
.SH VERSION
This man page documents btier_setup version 0.1.3
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbtier_setup\fR 
.PP
.SS OPTIONS
.IP -c
When BTIER is used with a regular file and attached for the first time -c will enable btier_setup to create the file with a size that must be specified with -s
.IP -f datafile
Specify either a blockdevice or a regular file. When regular file is used it must either already exist or -c must be specified with -s
.IP -s
When -s is specified all writes received by btier will be written synchronously to the underlying devices
.IP -z
Specifies the sectorsize. Valid options are 512..4096 bytes.
.IP -B
Do not use vfs, instead use bio's when the underlying device is a real blockdevice. When the underlying device is a file vfs will still be used.
.IP -V
Use vfs even when the underlying device is a real block device.
.nf
.PP
Email bug reports to
.BR mruijter@gmail.com .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2012  Mark Ruijter
.PP
You can redistribute BTIER and btier_setup and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see \fB<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>\fR.
.PP
BTIER is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Mark Ruijter <mruijter@gmail.com>
.br
